######### Overview of NLP

'''
Natural language processing is a branch of artificial intelligence concerned with teaching computers to read and derive meaning from language.
Since language is so complex, computers have to be taken through a series of steps before they can comprehend text.
The following is a quick explanation of the steps that appear in a typical NLP pipeline.

1. Sentence Segmentation
The text document is segmented into individual sentences.

2. Tokenization (Word Segmentation as a pre-processing)
Once the document is broken into sentences, we further split the sentences into individual words. Each word is called a token, hence the name tokenization.

3. Parts-of-Speech-Tagging
We input each token as well as a few words around it into a pre trained part-of-speech classification model to receive the part-of-speech for the token as an output.

4. Lemmatization
Words often appear in different forms while referring to the same object/action.
To prevent the computer from thinking of different forms of a word as different words, we perform lemmatization, the process of grouping together various inflections of a word to analyze them as a single item, identified by the word’s lemma (how the word appears in the dictionary).

5. Stop Words
Extremely common words such as “and”, “the” and “a” don’t provide any value, so we identify them as stop words to exclude them from any analysis performed on the text.

6. Dependency Parsing
Assign a syntactic structure to sentences and make sense of how the words in the sentence relate to each other by feeding the words to a dependency parser.

7. Noun Phrases
Grouping the noun phrases in a sentence together can help simplify sentences for cases when we don’t care about adjectives.

8. Named Entity Recognition (NEP)
A Named Entity Recognition model can tag objects such as people’s names, company names, and geographic locations.

9. Coreference Resolution
Since NLP models analyze individual sentences, they become confused by pronouns referring to nouns from other sentences.
To solve this problem, we employ coreference resolution which tracks pronouns across sentences to avoid confusion.

After going through these steps of data-preprocessing, our text is ready for analysis.

'''

